#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   djoser
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
azure-core==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
azure-storage-blob==12.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-storages
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blessed==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
boto3==1.26.109
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.29.109
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==0.8.0
    # via pip-tools
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djoser
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-q2
    #   django-sendgrid-v5
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-tweaks
django-guardian==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
django-jazzmin==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-picklefield==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-q2
django-q2==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rest-framework-tricks==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-tweaks
django-sendgrid-v5==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages[azure]==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djoser
django-timezone-field==4.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-framework-tricks
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-guardian
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-tweaks
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework-guardian==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djoser
djoser==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-tweaks==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
faker==18.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gevent==22.10.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanize==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-framework-tricks
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ipython==8.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
mailchimp3==3.0.17
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via black
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   python-crontab
python-http-client==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-sendgrid-v5
    #   sendgrid
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   mailchimp3
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   social-auth-core
rerun==1.0.30
    # via -r requirements.txt
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sendgrid==6.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-sendgrid-v5
sentry-sdk==1.19.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   blessed
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-tweaks
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djoser
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
starkbank-ecdsa==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sendgrid
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
